Addresses Chris Patton comments. (#363)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

# Security Considerations {#sec}

> This section discusses the security of OPRF protocols, along

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section discusses the security of the protocols defined in this specification, along
```
